Highlander is a content mod that focuses on adding whatever I feel like adding at the time. Originally, it was a cosmetics mod. All the content is compatible with multiplayer.

[IMPORTANT]
I have just updated this mod to 1.4. A lot of the initial errors in the move over to 1.4 have been fixed, but there are still a few I need to fix.

Features:
        - 3 Bosses
        - 2 Town NPCs
        - 40+ vanity items
        - Many non-vanity items to add variety to gameplay

Many cosmetic items added are inspired by Team Fortress 2 cosmetics or from other games. The Haunted Hatter must be killed to acquire these items. Hat Lock Boxes will drop after the Haunted Hatter is killed.

There are 4 Hat Lock Boxes that can be opened to obtain different sets of hats. A Hat Lock Box must be opened with a key bought from the Hat Salesman. There is a small chance to obtain a hat with an unusual effect after opening a Hat Lock Box.

Non-cosmetic items added are rewards for beating the bosses as well as some odd weapons I thought would fit well into Terraria and add variety. These items generally have a twist that makes their mechanics unique.

Town NPCs:
Hat Salesman     - Sells keys to open lockboxes.
Veteran Explorer - Currently sells some pikes and aggressive ale. In the future, he will sell random misc items I decide to add.

Recent Changes:
1.4.5.8 - Fixed Unusuals and fixed sounds again.
1.4.5.7 - Updated the mod sounds due to the latest tModloader update. Updated Adventurer's Pike sprites.
1.4.5.6 - Updated the revolvers' sprites and gun ammo UI. Added a client config.
1.4.5.5 - Added Old Flare Dispenser.
1.4.5.4 - Re-added mod config functionality. Re-added support for boss checklist and census mods.

Currently Working On:
- My largest priority is polishing the mod. To that end, I'm currently improving the pixel art and tweaking the feel of some items.
- I would like to redo the Sea Dog, but I'm not a good enough pixel artist. If I wanted, the most I could do is make him look less bad. If anyone is good at making a pirate werewolf, hit me up.
- I'm also trying to fix any bugs introduced by the switch to 1.4.